docs: add section regarding ssh_domains auto-populate and its use (#3495)
wez/wezterm: docs/multiplexing.md

it via a unix domain socket using a similar mechanism to that
described in the *Unix Domains* section below.

{{since('20230408-112425-69ae8472')}}

> Ssh_domains now auto-populate from your ~/.ssh/config file. Each populated host will have both a plain SSH and a multiplexing SSH domain. Plain SSH hosts are defined with a `SSH:` prefix to their name and multiplexing hosts are defined with a prefix `SSHMUX:`. For example, to connect to a host named `my.server` in your ~/.ssh/config using a multiplexing domain, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ssh_domains now auto-populate from your ~/.ssh/config file. Each populated host will have both a plain SSH and a multiplexing SSH domain. Plain SSH hosts are defined with a `SSH:` prefix to their name and multiplexing hosts are defined with a prefix `SSHMUX:`. For example, to connect to a host named `my.server` in your `~/.ssh/config` using a multiplexing domain, run:
```

Author: Pushed 9df9ea7e

```console

> $ wezterm connect SSHMUX:my.server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ wezterm connect SSHMUX:my.server
# or to spawn into a new tab in an existing wezterm gui instance:
$ wezterm cli spawn --domain-name SSHMUX:my.server
```

Author: Pushed 9df9ea7e

```

> To customize this functionality, You can use [wezterm.default_ssh_domains()](config/lua/wezterm/default_ssh_domains.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize this functionality, see the example for [wezterm.default_ssh_domains()](config/lua/wezterm/default_ssh_domains.md)
```

Author: Pushed 9df9ea7e
